This is our first child
I know Wang Xueqin will definitely attack him
At that time
I don't have the ability to support him at all
I tried my best to protect her, but
I can only pretend to be cruel
You must hate me
But you don't know.
The night you entered the operating room
No one is sadder than me
And you know what?
In fact, I have already figured out his name
I wish he were a girl.
Can be as beautiful as you
He will call
land
Love
Blue soil is good and mushy
What about a boy?
Lu Yulan means you and me
These names you took
I'm too embarrassed to call the exit as a mother
So ashamed
Brother, I'm sorry.
What you said
Yeah.
It's okay if you forget.
Every day from now on
My brother will tell me what happened in the past
I'll tell you one by one
I'll tell you the good and the bad
I am the one who imprisoned you
And you
The one who judges me
You used to be waiting for me
later
I'll wait for you.